README.md, before:

# Forkify App (WIP)

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Technologies used](#technologies-used)
- [Challenges faced](#challenges-faced)
- [Learning outcomes](#learning-outcomes)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Directory structure](#directory-structure)
- [Collaboration](#collaboration)
- [Contact me](#contact-me)

## Overview

Placeholder

Live preview: [Link](https://forkify.darshanvaishya.xyz/)

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/5e90623e-a903-425a-8292-98b20c3f3e80/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/loving-hugle-52e1c6/deploys)

### Technologies used

- HTML
- SASS (SCSS)
- TypeScript
- Forkify API
- Webpack
- Babel

## Challenges faced

Placeholder

## Learning outcomes

Placeholder

## Screenshots

Placeholder

## Directory structure

```
Placeholder
```

## Collaboration

If you have found a bug, suggesting an improvement or want to collaborate then please raise an [issue](https://github.com/DarshanVaishya/{REPO_NAME}/issues) or create an [pull request](https://github.com/DarshanVaishya/{REPO_NAME}/pulls).

## Contact me

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/darshan_vaishya)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/darshan-vaishya-ba99001a9/)

Commit message:

Added overview description and installation steps

README.md, after:

# Forkify App (WIP)

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Technologies used](#technologies-used)
  - [Installation steps](#installation-steps)
- [Challenges faced](#challenges-faced)
- [Learning outcomes](#learning-outcomes)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Directory structure](#directory-structure)
- [Collaboration](#collaboration)
- [Contact me](#contact-me)

## Overview

Forkify app is a web app where users can search through more than 1 million recipes to find what they need. It shows all the necessary ingredients and how to make the dish. The users can bookmark their favourite recipes as well as add their own ones to the website. It has a beautiful and feature rich UI. The website is fully response in variety of screen sizes.

Live preview: [Link](https://forkify.darshanvaishya.xyz/)

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/5e90623e-a903-425a-8292-98b20c3f3e80/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/loving-hugle-52e1c6/deploys)

### Technologies used

- HTML
- SASS (SCSS)
- TypeScript
- Forkify API
- Webpack
- Babel

### Installation steps
```bash
git clone https://github.com/DarshanVaishya/forkify-app
cd forkify-app
yarn install
yarn run build # To generate files
yarn run start # To start a local server
```
If you want to use NPM, then replace `yarn` with `npm` in all of the commands.

## Challenges faced

Placeholder

## Learning outcomes

Placeholder

## Screenshots

Placeholder

## Directory structure

```
Placeholder
```

## Collaboration

If you have found a bug, suggesting an improvement or want to collaborate then please raise an [issue](https://github.com/DarshanVaishya/{REPO_NAME}/issues) or create an [pull request](https://github.com/DarshanVaishya/{REPO_NAME}/pulls).

## Contact me

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/darshan_vaishya)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/darshan-vaishya-ba99001a9/)
